Welcome back.
In this video we're going to be discussing another very helpful feature that as 2015 gives us default
parameters let's create a function called ad that will accept two parameters and return the sum of those
two parameters.
If we don't pass anything to this function we'll get back not a number because the value of A and B
are undefined and undefined plus undefined is not a number.
So what if we want to set a default value for these parameters.
If we don't set anything for the value of a let's set it to 2 we would have to have some conditional
logic inside of our add function to do that.
So let's make an if statement checking to see if A is undefined and if so we'll set a to be 2.
You can imagine that with lots of parameters and different kinds of values that becomes quite tedious
to do.
Thankfully yes 2015 helps us out here.
We can assign values to our parameters using an equal sign and then specify a value.
This value will be the default if nothing is passed to the function when it is called.
We can set anything to be a default value numbers strings booleans arrays objects and even functions.
Let's see what our add function looks like when we assign a default value of 2 and 2 if we invoke this
function without passing in any parameters we'll get back for if we just pass in a single parameter
of 10.
We'll get back 12 since the second parameter has defaulted to 2.
You can easily start using default parameters in your code to help reduce conditional logic and confusion
in the next video.
We'll take a look at another kind of loop to help write even more concise code see that.